Cryptology both in the civilian realm and in the military realm is filled
with pressure. There is pressure to get the intelligence quickly,
correctly, and to forward it on. There's the knowledge that you may
have insights which is so vital to the nation that any failure on
your part could have drastic consequences. As is so often true in life,
that's also one of the pluses to doing this kind of work is knowing
you're doing something worthwhile. But knowing that you have to
do it right or someone will literally die can be a pressure that can
get to you over a period time, and I've seen people he rocked emotionally
because they've rendered such pressure so often for so long a
time